What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
	a new meta data file is created in order to track versions and history

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
	The staging area is a temporary spot to review and seprate work before commiting it to the repository.
	It's valuable because it allows the developer to avoid adding all files in a working directory

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
	You can gather all of the associated file changes and interrogate them before committing to the repository.  Much safer.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
	Branches will allow for experimentation on the master code without the risk of muddling up the master code.
	For instance, if we wanted to experiment through multiple iterations of the control schema, we could do so, repreatedly, without the risk of contaminating the core code before we are satisfied with the new system.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
	Sometimes it's easy to forget all the changes that have been made leading up to the branch head.  Diagrams will help trace backwards to the branch point and where it deviated from the master code.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
	The result of merging two branches together is a consolidation of two discreet development paths.  The product is something that is methodically determined to be compatible, even though there might still be bugs to be resolved after the merge.  The diagram allows us to visualize what has been integrated.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
	The pros of Git's automatice merging mean that a lot of problems associated with integrating two development streams get resolved automatically.  If two developers make changes to the same code, git is good at displaying the code snippets in discreet sections that can easily be resolved.
	The cons of this are that sometimes blocks of code may not work well together, even though that don't directly conflict.